.\" Copyright (C) 2012-2014 Juhani Numminen <juhaninumminen0@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH FORTUNER2 6 2014-07-06
.SH NAME
fortuner2 \- show a fortune as a notification
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "fortuner2 [" "option" "...] [\-\- " "fortuneoption" "...]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fortuner2
displays a notification containing a random adage. The adages come from
.BR fortune (6)
program.

It uses
.BR notify-send (1)
to deliver the adages to the notification daemon which in turn shows them to the
user.

.B fortuner2
is a Bourne shell script.
.SH OPTIONS
.B fortuner2
recognizes the following command line options:
.TP
.BR "\-c \fICOUNT" ", " "\-\-count " \fICOUNT
how many fortunes to show
.TP
.BR "\-d \fICOUNT" ", " "\-\-delay " \fISECONDS
sleep SECONDS after sending each fortune
.TP
.BR "\-n \fICOMMAND" ", " "\-\-notifycmd " \fICOMMAND
send the notify to COMMAND
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
show help message and exit
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
print program name and version and exit
.TP
.B \-\-
end of options, which means every argument after this one is passed to fortune
program
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B fortuner2 \-\- \-a
Pass an
.B -a
argument to fortune that tells to include also offensive fortunes when
looking for them. For more information on offensive fortunes, please see the
.BR fortune (6)
manual page.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to fortuner2 GitHub issue tracker at
https://github.com/jnumm/fortuner2/issues or directly to the author
Juhani Numminen <juhaninumminen0@gmail.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fortune (6)
